
1) which of the following Ethernet standards defines Gigabit Ethernet over UTP cabling?

a. 10GBASE-T

b.100BASE-T

-c.1000BASE-T

d.None of the other answers is correct 

2) which of the following is true about the CSMA/CD algorithm?

a. the algorith never allows collisions to occur

-b. Collisions can happen, but the algorithm defines how the computers should notice a collisions and how to recover

c.The algorithm works with only two devices on the same Ethernet 

d. None of the other answers is correct

3)Which of the following is true about the Ethernet FCS field?

a. Ethernet uses FCS for error recovery 

b. It is 2 bytes long 

-c. It resides in the Ethernet trailer, not the Ethernet header

d. It is used for encryption

4) Which of the following is a difference between Telnet and SSH as supported by a Cisco switch?

a. SSH encrypts the passwords used at login, but not other traffic; Telnet encrypts nothing

-b. SSH encrypts all data exchange, including login passwords; Telnet encrypts nothing

c. Telnet is used from Microsoft operating systems, and SSh is used from UNIX and Linux operating systems

d. Telnet encrypts only password exchanges; SSH encrypts all data exchanges

5) What type of switch memory is used to store the configuration used by the switch when it is up and working?

-a. RAM 

b. ROM

c. Flash

d. NVRAM

e. Bubble

6) In what mode can you type the command show mac address-table and expect to get a response with MAC table entries?

-a. User mode 

-b. Enable mode 

c. Global configuration mode 

d. Interface configuration mode 

7) Which of the following statements describes part of the process of how a switch decides to forward a frame destined for a known unicast MAC address?

-a. It compares the unicast destination address to the bridging, or MAC address, table.

b. It compares the unicast source address to the bridging, or MAC address, table.

c. It forwards the frame out all interfaces in the same VLAN except for the incoming interface.

d. It compares the destination IP address to the destination MAC address.

e. It compares the frame’s incoming interface to the source MAC entry in the MAC address table.

8) Which of the following statements describes part of the process of how a LAN switch decides to forward a frame destined for a broadcast MAC address?

a. It compares the unicast destination address to the bridging, or MAC address, table.

b. It compares the unicast source address to the bridging, or MAC address, table.

-c. It recognizes the destination MAC address as the special case of the Ethernet broadcast address.

d. It compares the destination IP address to the destination MAC address.

e. It compares the frame’s incoming interface to the source MAC entry in the MAC address table.

9) An engineer wants to set up simple password protection with no usernames for some switches in a lab, for the purpose of keeping curious coworkers from logging in to the lab switches from their desktop PCs. Which of the following commands would be a useful part of that configuration?

-a. A login vty mode subcommand

b. A password password console subcommand

c. A login local vty subcommand

d. A transport input ssh vty subcommand

10) Which of the following line subcommands tells a switch to wait until a show command’s output has completed before displaying log messages on the screen?

-a. logging synchronous

b. no ip domain-lookup

c. exec-timeout 0 0

d. history size 15

11) Switch SW1 uses its Gigabit 0/1 interface to connect to switch SW2’s Gigabit 0/2 interface. 

    SW2’s Gi0/2 interface is configured with the speed 1000 and duplex full commands. 

    SW1 uses all defaults for interface configuration commands on its Gi0/1 interface. 

    Which of the following are true about the link after it comes up? (Choose two answers.)

-a. The link works at 1000 Mbps (1 Gbps).

b. SW1 attempts to run at 10 Mbps because SW2 has effectively disabled IEEE standard autonegotiation.

c. The link runs at 1 Gbps, but SW1 uses half duplex and SW2 uses full duplex.

-d. Both switches use full duplex.
 